sdk/docs/pages/typescript-sdk/index.mdx, before:

# Sui Typescript SDK Quick Start

The Sui Typescript SDK is a modular library of tools for interacting with the Sui blockchain. Use it
to send queries to RPC nodes, build and sign transactions, and interact with a Sui or local network.

## Installation

```sh npm2yarn
npm i -D @mysten/sui.js
```

## Network locations

The following table lists the locations for Sui networks.

| Network | Full node                             | faucet                                |
| ------- | ------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------- |
| local   | `http://127.0.0.1:9000` (default)     | `http://127.0.0.1:9123/gas` (default) |
| Devnet  | `https://fullnode.devnet.sui.io:443`  | `https://faucet.devnet.sui.io/gas`    |
| Testnet | `https://fullnode.testnet.sui.io:443` | `https://faucet.testnet.sui.io/gas`   |
| Mainnet | `https://fullnode.mainnet.sui.io:443` | `null`                                |

## Architecture

The SDK contains a set of modular packages that you can use independently or together. Import just
what you need to keep your code light and compact.

- [`@mysten/sui.js/client`](/typescript-sdk/sui-client) - A client for interacting with Sui RPC
  nodes.
- `@mysten/sui.js/bcs` - A BCS builder with pre-defined types for Sui. nodes.
- [`@mysten/sui.js/transaction`](/typescript-sdk/transaction-building/basics) - Utilities for
  building and interacting with transactions.
- [`@mysten/sui.js/keypairs/*`](/typescript-sdk/cryptography/keypairs) - Modular exports for
  specific KeyPair implementations.
- `@mysten/sui.js/verify` - Methods for verifying transactions and messages.
- `@mysten/sui.js/cryptography` - Shared types and classes for cryptography.
- [`@mysten/sui.js/multisig`](/typescript-sdk/cryptography/multisig) - Utilities for working with
  multisig signatures.
- `@mysten/sui.js/utils` - Utilities for formatting and parsing various Sui types.
- [`@mysten/sui.js/faucet`](/typescript-sdk/faucet) - Methods for requesting sui from a faucet.

Commit message:

Added some migration info to index

sdk/docs/pages/typescript-sdk/index.mdx, after:

# Sui Typescript SDK Quick Start

The Sui Typescript SDK is a modular library of tools for interacting with the Sui blockchain. Use it
to send queries to RPC nodes, build and sign transactions, and interact with a Sui or local network.

## Installation

```sh npm2yarn
npm i -D @mysten/sui.js
```

## Network locations

The following table lists the locations for Sui networks.

| Network | Full node                             | faucet                                |
| ------- | ------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------- |
| local   | `http://127.0.0.1:9000` (default)     | `http://127.0.0.1:9123/gas` (default) |
| Devnet  | `https://fullnode.devnet.sui.io:443`  | `https://faucet.devnet.sui.io/gas`    |
| Testnet | `https://fullnode.testnet.sui.io:443` | `https://faucet.testnet.sui.io/gas`   |
| Mainnet | `https://fullnode.mainnet.sui.io:443` | `null`                                |

## Migrate to version 0.38.0

The Sui TypeScript SDK was refactored beginning with version 0.38.0. If you are updating from an earlier version of the SDK, there are some changes you should consider when updating your code.

### Module structure

The Sui TypeScript SDK is now divided into modular components. Before version 0.38.0, you imported the complete SDK module. Now, you upload the individual packages of the SDK module instead. See the [Architecture section](#architecture) for the list of packages. 

### Deprecated classes

The Sui TypeScript SDK deprecates the following classes with version 0.38.0:
 - `JsonRpcProvider` - The `JsonRpcProvider` class is deprecated in favor of the `suiClient` class when creating a client for a Sui network. See [Network Interactions with SuiClient](sui-client) for more information. 
 - `Signer` - Key pairs now directly support signing transactions and messages without the need of a `Signer` class. See the [Key pairs](cryptography/keypairs) topic for more information.
 - `Connection` classes - The `Connection` classes (`Connection`, `devnetConnection`, and so on) have been deprecated in favor of using `suiClient` for establishing the connection. See [Network Interactions with SuiClient](sui-client) for more information.

## Architecture

The SDK contains a set of modular packages that you can use independently or together. Import just
what you need to keep your code light and compact.

- [`@mysten/sui.js/client`](/typescript-sdk/sui-client) - A client for interacting with Sui RPC
  nodes.
- `@mysten/sui.js/bcs` - A BCS builder with pre-defined types for Sui. nodes.
- [`@mysten/sui.js/transaction`](/typescript-sdk/transaction-building/basics) - Utilities for
  building and interacting with transactions.
- [`@mysten/sui.js/keypairs/*`](/typescript-sdk/cryptography/keypairs) - Modular exports for
  specific KeyPair implementations.
- `@mysten/sui.js/verify` - Methods for verifying transactions and messages.
- `@mysten/sui.js/cryptography` - Shared types and classes for cryptography.
- [`@mysten/sui.js/multisig`](/typescript-sdk/cryptography/multisig) - Utilities for working with
  multisig signatures.
- `@mysten/sui.js/utils` - Utilities for formatting and parsing various Sui types.
- [`@mysten/sui.js/faucet`](/typescript-sdk/faucet) - Methods for requesting sui from a faucet.
